Essex County Greenbelt
GreenbeltGo Trails App Privacy Policy
Last Updated: 9/16/2021

Disclaimers and Privacy Policy

Essex County Greenbelt (Greenbelt) built the GreenbeltGo app as a free app. This service is provided by Greenbelt at no cost and is intended for use as is.

The protection of individual privacy is a concern to Greenbelt. Greenbelt has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate its firm commitment to privacy. If you choose to use our service, then you agree to the voluntary and temporary use of location information. We will not use or share your information with anyone.

Information You Provide to Us

Greenbelt does not keep any personal information about you or your use of this application unless submitted by the user in the 'Report Trail Issue' tool. If you choose to use the 'Report Trail Issue' functionality in this application, the application will record your location using your device's GPS and any attached content, images or data, and submit it to Greenbelt staff. This data will only be used by Greenbelt staff for land management purposes and will not be released to the public.

Disclaimer of Warranties

Greenbelt makes no warranty or representation, express or implied, including, but not limited to, warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. Greenbelt assumes no liability or responsibility for the quality, content, accuracy, completeness of information, text, graphics, links and any other items contained on this service or any other system or service. The materials contained on this service have been compiled from a variety of sources and are subject to change without notice. Commercial use or sale of the materials contained on this service is strictly prohibited without the express written consent of Greenbelt. In no event will Greenbelt be liable for any damages whatsoever, whether direct, indirect, consequential, incidental or special, or any claim for attorney’s fees arising out of the use or inability to use the information on this service, even if Greenbelt is advised of the possibility of such damages.

Disclaimer of Endorsement

Reference herein to any specific commercial products, process, or service by trade name, trademark, manufacturer, or otherwise, does not necessarily constitute or imply its endorsement, recommendation, or favored status by Greenbelt. The views and opinions of authors expressed on this service do not necessarily state or reflect those of Greenbelt, and shall not be used for advertising or product endorsement purposes.

Greenbelt is not, and shall not bear any responsibility for the contents of any off-site pages referenced.

Copyright Status

All documents available on this service may be protected under the United States and/or foreign copyright laws. Permission to reproduce may be required. Greenbelt retains all rights to the information provided by this service, including, but not limited to, the right of reproduction.

Changes to This Policy

We may update our Disclaimers and Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.

Contact Us

If you have any questions or suggestions about our Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at GIS@ecga.org

